so you had you had this blog that she
had started and you mentioned that you
had a YouTube channel
yet both of those things before you can
see you to me and tell us then a little
bit about what types of things were you
doing with your YouTube channel your
little bit about your blog two types of
things you're doing you hit you some
tutorials on their you an experiment
that a little bit when selling some of
your like tools and supplies through
there what we do with your YouTube
channel
ok so when I started a blog I knew that
I wanted to build kind of this passive
income Empire so I actually started off
just an aide and mind now what I wanted
to mind to be about right so late George
ok so this is my work and then ways I
can monetize so one of the first few
ways that I knew I could do was like
putting some advertising banners on my
site and you to maintain their income
through accidents on you too and then
later down the road those were media
later down the road I knew I wanted to
do digital ebooks and video forces got
so I kind of had I guess it worked out
so it was almost like a timeline for me
I knew I was going to start out with a
free content build a subscriber base of
leadership on my blog subscribers on
YouTube and I started doing exactly the
same time either way that was the plan
all along the idea was to work out it
really hard for Year two you just see
how plant hopefully people are going to
be receptive to it and enjoy it and I
will get some traffic and it like my my
goal in the first year on YouTube us to
get a hundred and fifty subscribers and
create 25 years
you know I made those videos in the
first year and by the end of the year at
eight thousand subscribers might you
know I knew I was going somewhere in
that and every new video I made it was
almost exponential so I mean I just
growing but you see the progress and you
realize that it's it's scalable and just
keep their own and there's a question
here and how long did it take so why
just mention my YouTube channel and
actually I'm sad to say I stayed away
from email for a long time because that
makes me anxious like it's just scary
just I just get us to sit down and write
you know like I don't want to say the
wrong thing I don't want to offend
anybody into sales here anytime
something stupid or whatever so i didnt
even I don't even think I started the
first eight months when I finally did I
just let subscribers your email now see
ya there is just not for everyone but
I'm trying really really hard because I
know it's so important and it is but
I'll tell you when you everyone always
says that but you'll get it until you
get it and the David I got it was the
day that I hit Send on my way and I had
a I had one big less my main less for my
website that I've been growing but
really not doing anything with a year
and a half thousand people and then when
I was going to launch Mike worse by
wrapping for beginners to leave in just
a minute
checking out that it's so I'm teaching
my route beginners chase me I knew that
I was going to be launching this or that
I also knew that my big list the chances
of everybody being interested in a
priest limbs are sent them an email
ok so I'm putting on the finishing
touches
interests and you can get out early I'm
so I started to Brandon can you list
them as my earlier unless specifically
for the cores and I set up that page and
I only got fifty sign up for my email
this was a little disappointed because
you know that's not very good but I did
you know I just kept telling myself not
everybody beginner not everybody wants
to know that's totally okay so I kept
working on building that lets make a
list have 300 on that list and I don't
just decide about the power of setting
specific goals yes many subscribers I
have my list of 100 and 200 I made that
happen because I work too hard and one
of the things that one of the things I
did what I did a couple of videos on
YouTube just saying you know something
exciting very simple something exciting
coming if you're interested you can sign
up here and that's it that's how I got
the other two hundred baby in when I
lost my course I set up a sequence like
schedule out emails today or tomorrow is
the first day that you can buy this
course so look out for an email warning
email in the morning you know the card
is open courses up and you can register
and I have been plans to get a lot of
work done that date is just use your
horses doesn't mean like you can sit
back relax and now it's time to actually
do marketing that I had big plans later
K published that's done let's move on
but guess what I did all they refresh my
revenue and within the first hours I
made $1000 and now has something
I never imagined I can't do that that's
the the moment that I knew oh I get it
on my knees in the email that was from
300 300 email subscribers and that was
at a 50% discount on my course on it for
$90 so it's not like I was charging you
know hundred and fifty seven dollars or
$2.99 and I made three sales are so ever
since I have made it like one of my
absolute top priorities to continue
growing my email us keeping up with
actually e-mail e-mail this because you
have to keep
relationship like you can you you can't
you can't just send them something went
when you want something like that
doesn't work we've all got an email and
we all hate those who don't be that guy
you've got to you continually send out
the value added value yeah it is pretty
hard but that's that is definitely my
parents now so now now I got it now I
understand and I am really excited to
see what my March number two is gonna be
as now I have a dedicated email that's
like almost a thousand subscribers on
this and maybe I'm jumping ahead if
you're asking about that okay well I'm
your new talk there's a ton of stuff
that you covered though and i dont wanna
interrupt you while you're talking so I
think it's worthwhile recapping some of
the things that you said just to make
sure that people are catching it is
there's a whole lot of information that
was in there in the answers did you have
giving me so one of the things that I
just want to stress so people catch this
fact is that you had mentioned the first
all you had a plan from the beginning
you had a vision that you put the plan
you had specific goals that you set this
is something that you have been doing
for a period of time now you said you
started maybe so you have this plant
you're ready to block your YouTube
channel and you were gonna build up a
set of followers are you even tried to
launch of course and so that's something
important that people need to understand
here is that this wasn't so just go
ahead this launched the first 24 hours
she does over $1000 in people see this
type of thing in the studio oh wow this
is so cool because I $1,000 in today but
just couldn't make $1000 in one day she
had been working on her blog and your
YouTube built a list of people that she
was able to launch this too and that's
where she really made her so there's
that
planning in it vision that went into it
before she actually publisher course we
will swing back around to talk much
right now another dedicated list you put
time in sOooo into one other point that
I also wanna make sure that she's got an
email is now but it's important that
with the email list you aren't just
using that email list to constantly ask
them to buy from you they need to be
getting more time in providing people
with value on the email is so when you
make that sales there's there's the
principles of house sales work on one of
the principals reciprocity in so when
you sent the email us out with the value
in it you're helping to build a sense of
reciprocity so when you make that asked
when you want to purchase something they
have more of a willingness to go ahead
in doing so so that's another point that
i think is thought to make sure that
people are hearing loud and clear